Let's move on to the next topic which is multi-party consensus.
We'll start off by defining what is multi-signature which is an integral part of that.
So blockchains such as Bitcoin support multi-signature accounts,
they are typically called multisig.
What's unique about these accounts is that they have multiple private keys.
You'll hear them described as M-of-N accounts.
So N is the number of private keys that are
possibly available for that particular account,
and M is the number of required keys for a particular transaction.
A typical standard address will thus have an M of one and an N of one,
so it would be 1-of-1.
There are several benefits of having multisignature.
The first one is, it prevents theft of funds by individual bad actors.
Since multisig addresses require multiple private keys,
it implies multiple users to perform a transaction,
no single individual can perform a transaction that might involve moving funds, etc.
The next thing is it protects against the loss of an individual private key.
Typically, if you have a single signature account,
if you lose the private key there is no way to get access to
any of the funds or performing a transactions associated with that account.
But with a multiset key,
assuming that there are others available who have the private key,
it's easy to mitigate that problem.
Finally, many businesses in the off blockchain world have
business rules that require
certain financial transactions with
certain limits to have multiple parties that authorize it.
So a multisignature account is an ideal way to enforce such business rules.
So let's take another quick quiz.
So what does M-of-N address mean?